http-probe-2.1.0 documentation (#772)
128technology/docs: docs/plugin_http_probe.md

| probe-duration | uint32 | default: 5 | The duration (in seconds) within which to reach the destination. Each attempt will be made in (probe-duration / number-of-attempts) interval |
| valid-status-code | list | at least 1 value required | The list of valid status codes to be expected from the server |
| sla | container | optional | SLA requirements for http probe. See [SLA](#sla) for more information. |

> | up-delay-timer | uint32 | default: 0 | The duration (in seconds) a probe is held down before it comes up when the previous state was down |

Reviewer: .. a probe is held down before transitioning from down to up state

Author: Updated

exit
```

### Up Delay Timer
##### Version History

| Release  | Modification                                     |
| -------- | ------------------------------------------------ |
| 2.1.0    | `http-probe-profile > up-delay-timer` introduced |

An `up-delay-timer` can be configured on a probe to prevent a probe watching an unstable service path from coming up right away. When a probe state transitions from down to up, instead of bringing that probe up, if an `up-delay-timer` is configured the probe will be kept down until the timer finishes. If the probe goes back down while the timer is running, the timer will cancel and the probe will remain down.

> It is recommended that a probe's `up-delay-timer` has a value greater than the `probe-interval` field. This configuration allows the probe to run atleast one more time while the timer is active. A warning will be produced if a probe is configured with an `up-delay-timer` value less than the `probe-interval`. If a configuration reload occurs while a probe timer is active, the timer is honored with the previous config.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is recommended that a probe's `up-delay-timer` has a value greater than the `probe-interval` field. This configuration allows the probe to run at least one more time while the timer is active. A warning will be produced if a probe is configured with an `up-delay-timer` value less than the `probe-interval`. If a configuration reload occurs while a probe timer is active, the timer is honored with the previous config.
```

Author: Fixed.

The below example shows a probe with a configured `up-delay-timer`; with these settings, the test will be triggered every 10 seconds, 3 probes with a single probe timeout of 2 seconds will be applied and when the probe transitions from down > up it will be held down for 15 seconds.

```
router
    http-probe-profile      http-probe-1
        name                http-probe-1
        url                 http://172.16.2.5:5060/
        valid-status-code   202
        valid-status-code   200
        probe-duration      6
        probe-interval      10
        number-of-attemps   3

>         up-delay-timer      15

Reviewer 3: Is there a default value for `up-delay-timer`? Is it 0? If 0, does that mean it is disabled?
Is there a logical validator that ensures up-delay-timer is greater than probe-interval?

Author: Yes, the default value is 0 which is listed in the `HTTP Probe Profile configuration` section. With this value, it means that the probe would act as if the timer is disabled. 

We do not enforce the `up-delay-timer` to be greater than the `probe-interval`, but have a validation warning if config is trying to be committed that does not adhere by this. This is explained in the `Up Delay Timer` section

Reviewer 3: Please state that the default value of 0 means disabled.

Author: Fixed.

## Release Notes

### Release 2.1.0

**Release Date:** Oct 10, 2024

#### New Features and Improvements
- **PLUGIN-2510** Implement an up-delay-timer

> The plugin allows users to configure an up-delay-timer which holds a probe down for a set duration before bringing the probe up.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The plugin allows users to configure an `up-delay-timer` which holds a probe down for a set duration before bringing the probe up.
```

Author: The reason I did not make this change is because in the other sections of `Release Notes` we did not do this for other configurable fields. For example `max-loss`, `max-jitter`, `average-rtt` in the SLA section for release `1.2.0`

Reviewer 2: okay - good call, consistency matters.

#### New Features and Improvements
- **PLUGIN-2300** Implement SLA monitoring per probe

> The plugin allows users to configure the following SLA settings: max-loss, max-jitter, average-rtt. These settings are considered as part of the probe success criteria. Additionally, these values are available through metrics.

Reviewer: we sure we dont want Users?

Author: I do not think that grammatically makes sense, but I could be wrong

Reviewer 2: you are correct - lower case "u".
